examples/esp-chat-react-es6/README.md, before:

# Evented State Processor (ESP) React Facebook Chat Example

This is a port of [Flux Chat]
(https://github.com/facebook/flux/tree/master/examples/flux-chat) to [ESP 
(Evented State Processing)](https://github.com/esp/esp-js). ESP is a new
architectural design pattern that takes the concept of unidirectional data flow
to the next level by adding a clear model that comprehensively captures your
entire application's state. The model is published to your controllers as a
single observable stream of changes. Inside the the model, ESP events and
processors provide a scalable pattern for decomposing complicated
interdependent logic into manageable chunks. It's great for big, complex
applications with complex state transitions and real-time events (e.g.
streaming data).

## Learning ESP

- [Documentation](https://github.com/esp/esp-js)

### Get help from other users:

- [esp/chat on Gitter Chat](https://gitter.im/esp/chat)
- [Questions tagged esp-js on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/esp-js)
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/esp/esp-js/issues)

*Let us [know](https://github.com/esp/esp-js/issues) if you discover anything worth sharing!*


## Running

You must have [npm](https://www.npmjs.org/) installed on your computer.
From the root project directory run these commands from the command line:

`npm install`

This will install all dependencies.

To build the project, first run this command:

`npm start`

This will perform an initial build and start a watcher process that will
update bundle.js with any changes you wish to make.  This watcher is
based on [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) and
[Watchify](https://github.com/substack/watchify), and it transforms
React's JSX syntax into standard JavaScript with
[Reactify](https://github.com/andreypopp/reactify).

After starting the watcher, you can open `index.html` in your browser to
open the app.

Commit message:

finishing es6 port of the react chat app

examples/esp-chat-react-es6/README.md, after:

# Evented State Processor (ESP) React Facebook Chat Example (ES6)

This is a port of [Flux Chat]
(https://github.com/facebook/flux/tree/master/examples/flux-chat) to [ESP 
(Evented State Processing)](https://github.com/esp/esp-js). ESP is a new
architectural design pattern that takes the concept of unidirectional data flow
to the next level by adding a clear model that comprehensively captures your
entire application's state. The model is published to your controllers as a
single observable stream of changes. Inside the the model, ESP events and
processors provide a scalable pattern for decomposing complicated
interdependent logic into manageable chunks. It's great for big, complex
applications with complex state transitions and real-time events (e.g.
streaming data).

This example is similar to the esp-chat-react app (also a port of the 
[Flux Chat](https://github.com/facebook/flux/tree/master/examples/flux-chat)) however 
it is written in ES6 and uses the 
[reactive model](http://esp.readthedocs.org/en/latest/modeling-approaches/reactive-domain-model.html) 
approach.

## Learning ESP

- [Documentation](https://github.com/esp/esp-js)

### Get help from other users:

- [esp/chat on Gitter Chat](https://gitter.im/esp/chat)
- [Questions tagged esp-js on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/esp-js)
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/esp/esp-js/issues)

*Let us [know](https://github.com/esp/esp-js/issues) if you discover anything worth sharing!*

## Running

You must have [npm](https://www.npmjs.org/) installed on your computer.
From the root project directory run these commands from the command line:

`npm install`

This will install all dependencies.

To build the project, first run this command:

`npm start`

This will perform an initial build and bundle using webpack and babel.
Webpack has babel and JSX support built in so the final bundle is ready for consumption via a script tag.

After running the build, you can open `index.html` in your browser to run the app.
